Readings for cute plants ahead

Mainly supported tileset
"MSX++DEAD_PEOPLE", "UNDEAD_PEOPLE", "UNDEAD_PEOPLE_BASE", "Chibi_Ultica"

1. Dig a hole with a shovel or something

2. Use the seeds whenever you like when you get them

3. You're free to use them however you like, but they're weak, so we recommend using them as a decoy

4. They can evolve from buds, but even when they evolve, they're generally weak

I used the portal mod, battlemaidemod, and vender_funmod as references

Characteristics of monsters added in this mod

Initially, HP is the same as a chick
Attack ability is the same as a chick
Speed ​​is over 100
No resistance to fire
Diurnal, so no night vision
Basically doesn't speak
Can be equipped with special items

Evolved individuals drop Endless Loyalty. They generally have low stamina, so try charging them into zombies or using long-distance attacks.

There are species with low appearance rates, so try growing them

3.0~ Added base decoration items (fake series).
They have almost no effect, but if you can place them well, it will definitely improve your QOL.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Update history

2024 6/9 ver4.4 (Tested on 2024-05-30-0626)

generated by crafting
Addition of random art items with defined rarity

2024 6/7ver4.3 (Tested on 2024-05-30-0626)

Standard language of mod is English
No reload required!

2024 6/7ver4.2 (Tested on 2024-05-30-0626)

Added English translation. Reduced basic attack power of rats.
Fixed conversation between naked mole rats and electrocuted rats.

2024 6/6ver4.1 (Tested on 2024-05-30-0626)

4 new monsters added + 2 seasonal event limited characters added
5 new items + all rat contracts added

New monster pick-up

The new characters this time are based on the rats that appeared in the official CDDA

Electric shock rat (electric shock rat)
Low probability of appearing in normal flocks or high probability of appearing in flocks of mutant rats in the laboratory
When they flock together, they might shut down the giant zombie?

Giant Naked Mole Rat (Giant Naked Mole Rat)

Appears with a very low probability in normal packs, digging holes is confiscated

Musketeer Rat (Musketeer Rat)

Appears with a low probability in normal packs, has higher attack power than high rat workers

Rat King (King of Rats)

Appears with a very low probability in normal packs, can obtain all rat contracts through trading

Also tells old tales

New Item Pickup

The new items are registered as epic items, and the stronger the rats you kill, the cheaper they will drop (100% for the King of Rats and Naked Mole Rat)

However, since these are items made by rats, you're just lucky if you pick them up...

Thief Bag (Rat)

A thief bag that can't fit long objects in but has a large capacity

Rat Rod
A simple fishing rod that's easier to handle

Rat Shovel
A wood shovel that's easy to handle, can also be used to cut grass

Rat Box
A metal box with a capacity of +50% M Not yet verified whether it can be packed into a car

Rat Crossbow
Effective range has been reduced, but power has increased and the required strength has been reduced for a crossbow that is easy to carry

Basically inferior to the vanilla top-level items, but we have a selection of items that are nice to get in the early stages~

2024 6/5ver4.0 (Tested on 2024-05-30-0626)
Spawns in groups in forests and private homes, neutral but can talk and purchase items
-Rat characteristics
When allies are attacked, they become hostile, and flee if they are attacked or there are many zombies in view,
When defeated, they drop unique items suitable for burglar play, unique currency, and cheese-based food

5 new monsters added
Spawns in groups in forests and private homes, neutral but can talk and purchase items
-Rat characteristics
When allies are attacked, They will become hostile towards you, and will flee if you attack them or if there are many zombies in their field of vision.
When defeated, they will drop unique items, unique currency, and cheese-based foods that are suitable for playing as a burglar.

-New item pick-up
Rat middler: An item used to trade with rat traders, etc. New monsters will drop it.
Rat contract: Exchange for 50 rat middler. You can make a high rat worker into a pet.
Rat contract (maid): Exchange for 30 rat middler. You can make a rat maid into a pet.

2024 6/3 ver3.3 (2024-05-30-0626 operation confirmed)
Fixed bug that caused them to disappear after summoning

11/14 ver3.2
Added 1 piece of furniture to be placed on the floor
Added 11 non-animated decorations
Added 3 animated decorations
Animation can now be turned on and off.

11/13ver3.1
3 pieces of furniture added to be placed on the floor
4 non-animated decorations added
8 animated decorations added

11/13ver3.0
Bug fixes
Added fake furniture to decorate your base by placing it (I want to do something like Elona's housing)
2 air conditioners added (unbalanced)

2/13ver2.1
Bug fixes

2/13ver2.0
Added a character that evolves in six stages
Added summoning items to be dropped in the coffins that appear when digging up the graveyard
(The appearance rate is higher than that of deformed fetuses and legs)
Added characters are set to generate exudates at regular intervals (experimental)
Regeneration is set to restore the stamina of added characters (experimental)

[Added items]
Roaring seeds
Exudates

[Added characters]
Silphium 1-7 forms

2/12ver1.1 Additional elements
Fixed serious bugs, weakened milk
Conservation pot (added transport item)

2/11ver1.0 Additional elements
Added 5 new evolutions
Added two-stage evolutions
Added 4 recipes that use Endless Loyalty, which only evolved evolutions drop
Adjusted the acquisition rate from holes as the number of species has increased
Added materials for exclusive equipment

[Future direction]

I would like to increase the number of monster types
Maybe we should make the evolution path more complicated and increase the difficulty of obtaining dropped items
I would like to use Endless Loyalty to create equipment with fire resistance [Achievement]
Tokens are powerful in this game, so for balance purposes, the status should be set assuming the death of the token
Establish a certain degree of strict status for each individual

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Spoilers below

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

"Tips for evolution"
Evolution of buds basically follows the same process as the growth of baby birds, etc.
As a guideline for evolution, it is probably about a week
Evolution often occurs when returning to the base after exploration, so if the player is too close, it may not evolve
(Maybe it's a good idea to isolate them off-screen when sleeping? )

"Collecting rat midges"
Rat-type enemies avoid traps and have low melee costs, but they also move in groups, making them difficult to kill with melee attacks. Molotov cocktails and explosives are effective, and if you have a powerful spear or gun, you can shut them out from the top of a tree.
Be careful when fighting other monsters, as they will be hostile towards the player.

The number of mouse middles dropped is in the order of Rat King > Rat Trader > Others > High Rat Worker > Rat Worker.

-Rat Trader Exchange List
Waste Sausage, Disinfectant Cotton Balls, Diamond, Molotov Cocktail, Rat Contract

The cost is set assuming that the number of mouse middles dropped by Rat Worker is 2. The highlight is the Rat Contract, but Molotov Cocktails and Diamond are consistently strong.

-Strength of monsters added by this mod

Silphium > King of Bacchus Rats > Naked Mole Rats > Wall of Giant Zombies > Discharge Rats > High Rat Worker > Wall of Violent Zombies > Rat Worker > Others

The easiest to use for long-term survival is Bacchus, and if High Rat Workers gather in groups, they have a chance against Giant Zombies.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Q, What is the dropped Black Lotus used for?

You can use it for trading or to play with.
Black lotus seeds have a low appearance rate and are indistinguishable from hydrangeas when in bud form, so they have this performance.
If you get them, treat them as if you're lucky.
Q. Oats don't evolve.
The evolution rate is slower than other individuals, so please watch over them with a kind eye.
Q. What can I do with the Occasional Leaf Text?

It's treated the same as a religious book, so if you have spiritual powers, it's easy to get motivated.
Q. Silphium???
When you dig a grave, a coffin will appear, and if you break or disassemble the coffin, there is a certain chance that a roaring seed will appear.
Silfium evolves about six times, and although it is fragile at first, the sixth to final evolved individuals can defeat giant Kevlar.
(Please note that there is no rescue measure in case of death.)
It takes a lot of effort to obtain it and a lot of time to reach the final form, so this adjustment is necessary.
